Update Changelog and Docs from OCS PR #2327 (#196)
dimagi/open-chat-studio-docs: docs/concepts/evaluations/dataset.md

An example structure for this csv might be:

| Human Message | AI Response | Datetime | History | participant_data.name | session_state.count |
|---------------|-------------|----------|---------|------------------------|---------------------|
| What's the weather like? | I don't have access to weather data | 2024-03-15T10:30:00Z | user: Hello<br/>assistant: Hi there!<br/>user: How are you?<br/>assistant: I'm doing well! | John | 1 |
| Tell me a joke | Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything! | 2024-03-15T10:32:00Z | user: What's the weather like?<br/>assistant: I don't have access to weather data | John | 2 |
| What is 2+2? | 2+2 equals 4 | 2024-03-15T10:35:00Z | | Jane | 1 |

#### Participant Data and Session State

When including [participant_data](../participant_data.md) or [session_state](../pipelines/nodes.md#session-state) in your CSV, you can use dot notation to specify nested keys. For example:

- `participant_data.name` - Sets the participant's name
- `participant_data.age` - Sets the participant's age
- `session_state.counter` - Sets a session state counter

> - `context.foo.bar` - Sets a nested context value

Author: ```suggestion
- `context.foo` - Sets the `foo` field in the context
```
